Welcome to Oversight. You are now part of the front line that protects our country from before
terrorists, predators, illegal immigrants and livers. Thank you for your cooperation.
Oversight is contractually committed to running its automated filter for the government.
The filter tracks every bit of Internet traffic that goes through Britain. If he finds something
the suspect will be handed over to you or to one of the thousands of other volunteers.
When you log in to the system, you will see a list of potential incidents.
Click any one to start the investigation.
Is this a humorous email between friends, or a serious incident to notify the police?
You have tools to find out. You can read e-mail items;
web sites they visited; information from social networks; the places they visited;
card purchases; and information about their friends and family.
If you need access to more personal information, such as the content of their emails and documents,
or the individual websites they read, you can request a search permission by clicking:
this will normally be provided within 15 to 30 seconds. In many cases, it is not necessary:
34% of British adults have signed up for our Clearway program, which gives you instant access
helping to prevent crime.
If you find it difficult to investigate someone, do not waste your time: immediately hand over to your supervisor.
We find that deliberate hiding of own tracks is usually a sign of criminal activity.
Thanks to our cooperation with sister companies around the world, you have now
information on citizens from more than 70 countries.
If you use another language, you may sometimes be assigned to jurisdictions outside the United Kingdom.
Legal and social restrictions in other countries may be different from your own country: be impartial,
and follow the on-screen instructions.
And finally: Do not tell your friends that you are part of our team. Our filter systems
are effective because they are universal: there really is no way to avoid them,
and you can never know who could be a member of Oversight ... including the person you boast about.
So thank you once again for your cooperation. With your help, we can keep ourselves,
our children, and our world safe.
Czech subtitles: Lukáš Flídr